stakeholders :  intern : employees , owner , manager 
		extern : government , society , creditor 
		stakeholder analysis, it is
		claimed, can be used to analyse an organisation’s
		performance and determine its future strategic direction

PERT:  Program evalution and review technique, is a static tool used for project management, designed to analyze and represent the tasks.

PERT (fr): est une methode conventionnelle utilisable en gestion de projet

atom: (atom.io), is a HTML text editor 

workshops:(document analysis) a meeting at which a group of people engage in intensive discusion and activity on a particular subject or project. 

workshops (fr): un atelier axé sur un theme de travail au sein d'un congré ou d'un salon professionel.

workflows: Progression of steps (tasks, events, interactions) that comprise a work process, involve two or more persons, and create or add value to the organization's activities

workflows (fr): On appelle workflow management (gestion du flux de travail) la modélisation et la gestion informatique de l'ensemble des tâches à accomplir et des différents acteurs impliqués dans la réalisation d'un processus métier
 
tasktop: Software development lifecycle integration
 
component: A part or element of a larger whole, especially a part of a machine

boundaries: the limit of a subject or principle

compliance: Act of obeying an order
 
IDEs :integrate development envirment 

TRS: technical requirement specification 

RBAC: Role Based Access Control, is an approach to restricting system access to authorized users

business process: the development and control of processes used in a company, department, project ... . to make sure they are effective 

NVRAM: non-volatile random access memory 

vSphere: virtual server

optical drive: piece of computer hardware

Forbidden file
	A file that under no circumstances is allowed to be sent to customer.

Business Process
	A work process fulfilling (part of) a business goal. What is done, by whom, and when it is done.

Business Rules
	The specification of a 'Business Process' including operations, definitions and constraints that apply in order to achieve its goals.
	The rules can be further formalized and used as input to a computer system to automate the process.

Build Process
	The process of taking inputs and transforming them into artifacts of business value.

	The build process can be broken down into the following functions, which is neither a complete nor prescriptive list:
		- Version Control (SCM)
		- Static Analysis
		- Compilation
		- Unit Testing
		- Data Processing
		- Document generation
		- Packaging
		- Link Testing
		- Code Coverage
		- Deployment
		- Analysis of corrent release situation

	The process can be formalized in order to be automated with the help of a 'Build System Application'
	
	Build process types:
		- Official Build
			A build performed on a isolated and tightly controlled environment

		- User Build
			A build performed in a build user environment. The environment is controlled by the user, not by a formal description of the environment
		
		- Private Build
			see User Build
	 
		- Integration Build
			A build that is carried out by an assigned integrator or central function. This type of build can be carried out manually by a lead developer or a member of the build team, or alternately via an automatically scheduled program or service. This build is created to assess the effect of integrating a set of changes across a development team.
			The integrator has control over the environment.

		- Release Build
			A build that is carried out by a central function, usually a member of the build team. This build is created with the express intention of being delivered to a customer - either internal or external. A Release Build is also usually created in an isolated and controlled environment.
			
		- Remote Build
			A build not performed on the user's own computer.
 
		- Regression Build
			A build to uncover errors related to the build definition. Tests are normally executed after this type of build.



